What is OpenCandy? 

OpenCandy is a platform and network which enables software publishers 
to recommend other products, during installation of their software, they 
believe you will find valuable. 

So… What is this folder, its contents, and why is it here? 

These files are only on your computer because you accepted a software 
recommendation. These files are TEMPORARILY copied to a folder within 
the publisher's program files directory until the recommended software 
is downloaded and installation is performed. 

This folder contains: 

  * OpenCandy_Why_Is_This_Here.txt
    - This text file you’re reading. :) 
    
  * OCSetupHlp.dll
    - This file is used to display a recommendation during the 
      publisher’s software installation and to facilitate the download 
      and installation of the recommended software. This file also 
      allows us to provide software publishers with *non personally 
      identifiable* information such as statistics like install 
      initiated and completed, country, operating system and language, 
      and whether the software recommendation was accepted or not. 

After the recommended software’s installation is started (and regardless 
of whether it is successfully completed) these files and the 'OpenCandy' 
folder will be automatically deleted next time the system is restarted.

The possible reasons this folder and its contents remain are: 

  A) You rebooted before installing the recommend software
  B) You lost power before the recommended software was installed
  C) Your computer exploded before the recommended software was 
  installed (Then how are you reading this?) 

Feel free to delete this OpenCandy folder (and its contents) at any 
time; there is no harm in doing so. If you believe this folder and its 
files should have been deleted and were not (and neither A, B, or C 
happened), we'd appreciate if you contacted us (see below) and told us 
what you think happened. If it happens to be a bug, we'll fix it so this 
doesn't happen to anyone else. Oh yeah, and we'll send you an awesome 
purple t-shirt for helping us out! 

If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us at 
www.opencandy.com/contact/. 

Thank you. 

- The OpenCandy team